this holiday Christmas everywhere will
depend on Jessica rings it all started
when afternoon's adventure led to an
evenings discovery oh she's like this
one Prancer and a magical time began I
believe inside dear but I don't believe
it flies he's magical Carol now she's
the only one in the world who believes
[Music]
kids playing with a full deck hungry
head away from me he's probably used to
being around people what am i enough
nobody and I mean nobody but us what you
know about Prancer oh don't worry I
wouldn't want anybody to find out you're
nuts
Millie our little trees okay single one
just a bit of deer
I bet sash doesn't think you'll get back
in time I better well no I know you're
not the real Santa course I stars in the
shed near my house but how could she
have known how much one deer could do to
her home
per town
[Music]
you have added inspiration to my day
young lady and their family like mr.
captain Chen and in the Three Oaks yeah
well out of the way everybody
here to get the read by midnight Prancer
a Christmas adventure for the whole
family
you